let's talk about Mexico number seven on
the list of things that Donald Trump is
most frightened of just a head of
Muslims and just behind the concept of
self-reflection Mexico is a nation of a
hundred twenty three million people give
or take a few Americans spring break
douche bags like these to Cancun is the
hands-down best phasing and every spring
especially being a college kid give a
tip see then get drunk and then a little
bit of Yale on top of everything a lot
of it if you get tired here can't
confess for that so cool it's my
favorite part of that clip is that in
the corner it promotes something called
brain surgery life which I sincerely
hope is just a brain surgeon
lobotomizing these two bros but but
Mexico isn't just a tourist destination
we share a 1900 mile border and they're
our third largest trading partner and
something massive is about to take place
there it's going to be the biggest
election in Mexican history with
positions up for grabs from Mexico City
Mayor to congressional seats to the top
job itself it's true next Sunday we'll
see the biggest election in Mexico's
history which I know probably doesn't
mean much to most Americans it's like
saying the biggest mattress sale in
Dutch history or the biggest Mouse penis
in Portuguese history great that Mouse
is sort of hung how does this affect me
in any way but what this actually means
is that they could replace their
president their entire Congress and huge
chunks of their state and local
governments and many believe a major
shift may be about to take place there
because Mexicans are sick and tired of
the status quo their current president's
approval rating sunk as low as 12
percent last year and has become very
common for people to shout a particular
phrase at him your ability Rozier
opinion evaluate genius of DC matter
[Applause]
Wow go your mother is something
people only shout at you when they are
angry nobody shouts it because they
think you and your mother have great
chemistry that's never happened so
tonight let's look at why people are so
angry at Mexico's current president
Enrique Pena Nieto and who they are
considering to replace him and if we're
honest most Americans don't really know
much about him for instance that's not
Pena Nieto that's just what came up when
we talked Mexican man into a stock
English side but as long as he's here
let's give this guy a spin look at him
go
the man is absolutely leaving it all on
the field look just just so either just
so you know this this is the real pena
nieto although he is also so handsome he
actually resembles a stock photo model
he was swept into office in 2012 on a
wave of hype he made the cover of Time
magazine with the headline saving Mexico
and us coverage of his election was
breathless dashing 45 year-old former
governor is married to a famous Mexican
soap opera star wherever the couple went
they drew huge crowds especially women
who despite the fact peanin Nieto was
married couldn't get enough of him
calling him bonbon which means sweet
thing or hottie
the fact he admitted cheating twice on
his first wife and bearing two children
out of wedlock before she died of
epilepsy didn't seem to faze the adoring
crowd yeah all of that is true and that
would be completely unforgivable if he
wasn't so violently attractive how are
you gonna stay mad at that he is
visually Acula and Pena Nieto's
election was dramatic for a number of
reasons his party the Institutional
Revolutionary Party or Prix had
previously enjoyed a 71 year long era of
one-party rule in Mexico which only
ended in 2000 so real multiparty
democracy is very much a new thing there
and for many the hope was that painting
the 8'o would clean up the party's image
and restore it to glory but to put it
mildly that did not happen he himself
was implicated in a number of
serious scandals and on his watch not
only did corruption not improve it hit
such a fever pitch that visitors to
Mexico City could do this this is the
corrupt tour a 90 minute bus ride to the
seamier side of Mexican business and
politics on its itinerary ten city
landmarks where public money has
allegedly been diverted for private gain
it's true there were actually bust tools
of Mexico's most appalling landmarks and
I sincerely hope that that tour includes
Guillermo del Toro's two Oscars for the
shape of water guess what guess what I
was rooting for the fish man to die the
first man was gross and I didn't enjoy
watching him and anyone who did is
weird and wrong but but for sheer the
sheer scale of government corruption in
Mexico is hard to comprehend many many
politicians have close ties to cartels
and gangs at least 14 current or former
governors of Mexican states are under
investigation for corruption some of
them for colluding with organized crime
like Xavier Duarte he's the governor of
Veracruz on his watch the state was
bankrupted with nearly three billion
dollars missing from official coffers
he's been charged with racketeering and
using illegally obtained funds among
other things and what he denies those
charges it frankly didn't look great
that he fled the country in a helicopter
only to be tracked down and arrested and
by the way what is that smile then that
is not the face a grown man makes after
being arrested that is the face a
nine-year-old makes after urinating in a
public pool and this pervasive
corruption contributes to a sense of
impunity and diminished faith in cops or
courts violence has spiked in Mexico
with the country on track for 32,000
murders this year twice as many as in
2014 and yet only 2% of crimes in Mexico
get solved which may explain why these
two Yayo fiends didn't seem to put much
effort into their disguises
and for many the incident that
encapsulates all of this frustration
government corruption violence and a
serious lack of accountability is what
happened on painting the ATO's watch in
2014 43 students disappeared September
26th after boarding a bus to the town of
Iguala to raise money for an upcoming
trip
authorities say the mayor there feared
the students would disrupt an event for
his wife and had police stopped down the
officers opened fire and turned the
students over to a drug gang which
killed them and burned their bodies it
was horrific and incredibly it got worse
than that because there is evidence that
the federal police and military were
involved in the students disappearances
but the government did not pursue it and
when you hear all of that you can sort
of understand why so many people want to
tell painting the 8'o
kinga tu madre now now he is not running
for re-election as Mexico's presents are
limited to one term so who are his
potential replacements well there is
Jose Antonio Mead also from the
pre-party but he has no chance we're not
going to talk about him
there is also Jaime Rodriguez and
independent candidates and state
governor known as el Bronco he also has
no chance but we're very much going to
talk about him because he is a human
wrecking ball just just watch his idea
for stopping government corruption your
could okay we need to cut off the hand
of anyone who steals in the public
service you're not speaking literally
are you candidate yes of course
literally well explain to me please
anyone who steals must have his hand cut
off a bill must be presented so that
members of Congress approved this
penalty cut off the hand of the
criminals of course that is what you're
gonna propose in the Congress that's
right god what a writer gave him five
separate chances to say that he wasn't
being serious
and he just Bronco his way through all
five of them and chopping off somebody's
hand is a pretty drastic punishment for
political corruption although a perfect
way to eliminate contestants from my new
reality competition show America's next
top sock puppeteer
I'm sorry Flopsy bunny just didn't Wow
Anthony please place your hand on the
chopping block
but but that is not el Broncos boldest
position because he also has a firm and
unwavering hatred of Santa Claus
I don't believe in Santa Claus do you
believe in Santa Claus how many believe
in Santa Claus look at just three Santa
Claus is bad it's true el Bronco hates
Santa and if you think we are cherry
picking just one example of virulent
anti-semitism think again when did you
tell your kids there was no Santa Claus
every day every day yeah he tells his
children every day that Santa is not
real that is harsh that is so hot
hello boys and girls it's me Santa
sorry to interrupt Santa I can't believe
you're here this is fantastic yes I just
wanted to tell Mexican presidential
candidate el Bronco that I do exist I
bring magic to children all over the
world so that el Bronco is on my naughty
list now if you'll excuse me I must get
back to the North Pole Oh actually
central I've always wondered what do you
do up there all year when you're not
delivering presents why I masturbate
dear boy I masturbate all day and night
I ask to beta masturbate until my sack
full of presents is empty if you catch
my meaning why would you say that Santa
every day is Christmas for Santa when he
masturbates I even do it sometimes when
I'm flying on my big red sleigh I try
not to get any on the reindeer but even
Santa's not perfect this is so different
than what I thought meeting you would be
like yeah yeah no no I get that a lot
I'm not sure why I mean look at me I'm
very weird and I love to stroke it till
it looks like a candy cane
[Music]
the pointed the point is el Bronco is
not going to be the next Mexican
president the the candidate currently
polling second is this guy
Ricardo Anaya a 39 year old center-right
wonk he is known for delivering
twenty-minute policy presentations that
are somehow even more explainer II than
the ones on this show the yellow line
shows the behavior of manufacturing
employment in the United States now as
you can clearly see it remains steady
despite NAFTA right we get on one hand
that was extremely boring but at least
we now know what it would look like if
pitbull went to grad school now Kylie
this guy is a bit of a nerd although he
does desperately try to be cool because
he plays a bunch of musical instruments
he plays guitar he plays ukulele he
plays keyboard and the coolest
instrument of all the recorder that is
simply pathetic and it is not just me
saying that in Mexico that clip is
unleased what's been called a tsunami of
memes including videos where people swap
in different songs like this version of
Britney Spears toxic
[Music]
[Applause]
muy bien where he go or even muy bien
now now I know I did try and toughen his
image opportu in the campaign but he
struggled to stick the landing like when
he released this video ahead of a debate
what are you doing just hitting that
speed bag his teddy will impressive but
you then ruined it with that weird smile
at the end
he's like someone successfully pulling
the cloth from underneath a table
setting and then immediately pissing
their pants he was so close you
ruined it though but the outright
front-runner and the man widely expected
to win this election is Andres Manuel
Lopez Obrador a populist who often goes
by his initials am lo and he served as
mayor of Mexico City a building a
reputation as a man of the people
famously commuting to work in a Nissan
Sentra the vehicle rated by JD Power and
Associates this is actually amylose
third time running for president he lost
in 2006 and 2012 not taking that first
loss particularly well cuz not only did
he refuse to accept the results he held
a gigantic alternative inauguration
ceremony in Mexico City in which he was
sworn in with a fake sash and declared
himself the legitimate President of
Mexico his supporters occupied the city
central square for months and that is
ridiculous when Al Gore lost the 2000
election he didn't hold a fake
inauguration he just told us we were all
gonna die and it was our fault it was
it was just called basic good
sportsmanship
now look I'm lost campaign has caught
fire this time around because he has
tapped into populist anger he's promised
to help the poor and eradicate
corruption and he often rails against
the elites and the Mafia in power
oh why you have been sir okay so more he
Wireless Kalos political caucus solo
they see less hero Martha Corinne tan
your chant all of public yes Thank You
Moira
we are say Gila chant por la gente per
mil de por la gente he says he doesn't
look that sounds great and you can kind
of see the appeal there am low is kind
of like Bernie Sanders but with a better
haircut and significantly better Spanish
Washington Roscoe a goldman sachs ER
Wall Street they sue Barker otter
obviously think he could have carried a
hundred percent of the Hispanic vote if
his slogan had been vote for me and I
will never speak Spanish again am lows
goals may be clear but but the details
of how he plans to achieve them can be
pretty sketchy his opponents of attacked
him as a dangerous leftist but
journalists who've covered him say it's
hard to judge things based on his policy
platforms because they're prone to
change often seemingly overnight and
that he often makes big promises while
keeping his own advisers guessing as to
what he really means so in that way he's
actually more reminiscent of a Mexican
Donald Trump which I know is a weird
image to conjure up like Orthodox Hitler
or jacked Gandhi the two concepts don't
fit well together but but but the lack
of concrete policy hasn't dampened the
excitement around AMLO who supporters of
made some pretty striking ads for Garvey
salos politico's cortos campo bernardo
and Ostrow Pais get each other Mickey
Cohen a fabrica recoveries and
don't see holes and thicker than no
clean emir of seniors damn holy
that is the most terrifying Tiger I've
seen since the episode of Winnie the
Pooh where Tigger ate eel and was that
really so put their wild animals
Christopher Robin you can't just keep
them in your backyard it was bound to
happen sooner or later not a tragedy
that was inevitable but that that ad
actually becomes less fun when you
learned that it was made by the social
encounter party an evangelical Christian
party that opposes same-sex marriage
homosexuality and abortion that party is
in am Lowe's coalition which kind of
speaks to the fact that by being so
vague he can let people see what they
want to see in him so sure a Christian
conservative party can think that he's
on their side as can be presumably much
more liberal people behind this ad which
pitches am low as an aphrodisiac
paulien skip let's give away what our
poor undressed man we're just a meeting
is insidious most sexually explicit
campaign ad since Theodore Roosevelt's
famous slogan of teddy will make you
but the point here is what our hope in
AMLO is real the content is a question
mark and it says something about how
entrenched the problems in Mexico are
and the level of people's
dissatisfaction that they seemed so
willing to take a gamble on him and look
for much of this piece we've talked
about the problems in Mexico of which
there are many but that is what makes it
all the more impressive the people are
putting their lives on the line to solve
them there are journalists tackling
corruption despite the fact that Mexico
is the third deadliest country in the
world for them to work after Iraq and
Syria and there are honest politicians
running for office
even though 120 politicians including 44
candidates have been killed during this
campaign in the town of Piedras Negras
an anti cartel congressional candidate
was murdered just earlier this month but
but the mayor there is refusing to hide
we reached the current mayor of the
others named as Sonia via Reyes who says
her life was threatened just rude asses
no Tina still more of these are you
you're not fearing them no Wow porque
you are shocked even if it means risking
your life doesn't happen I mean that is
just amazing and and for the record I am
NOT that brave I am NOT that brave at
all sure oh took the drug cartels
from the safety of New York this this
produces the actual head of the Sinaloa
cartel and I'll happily say that he
looks like Andy Garcia won a pizza
eating contest cuz that guy
him I'm not scared of him but I wouldn't
have the courage to say that in Mexico
and
I wouldn't even have the courage to say
it here that's not the head of the
Sinaloa cartel
that's another stock photo do you think
I'm crazy the point here is
Mexico is on the verge of the biggest
election in their history with a chance
to combat endemic corruption that has
betrayed its people for far too long and
I sincerely hope the candidates they
choose at every level are worthy of the
trust that's about to be placed in them
because it's going to take brave bold
work to give that country to change it
needs Santa Claus is not coming to save
Mexico as we learn tonight that man is
very busy
don't do what vividly describe how I
bring myself to climax 364 days out of
the year I concur in my toy shop John I
fill my stocking I polish the North Pole
the elves taught me yoga and now I can
blow myself
you